So let's add async data to a single host year when we have a post ID.
The special thing here is that we typically want to fetch data for just that single post.
So let's first of all add a script section to that index that you fall in there we can add a sync data.
And as you learned we can now use async datum to use the callback and return the data for example within
a timeout.
So some async code which we use to simulate a HTP request and again we will use real HTB requests later.
So now here let's pass that context object again and then that callback method or function we can execute
in the async data here.
I again want to execute set timeout and let's say we wait for one second that say dessous as long as
it takes to get our data back.
And again this is just Dammy code to simulate an asynchronous task and after just one second I'll execute
the Colback pass NULL to indicate we got no error and then pass our data.
So a javascript object did will become or will be merged with our Aberg component data.
If we had any if we don't have any it will be the entire component data we work with and there I will
add a loaded post not as a single post.
And of course we can take one of the posts from the loaded post from the other pages like this.
However this loaded post you're probably has some different fields.
Because here we all need to have the date and do you offer.
So we should also get this.
So let's say besides title and preview text here we also have to offer Maximillian maybe on my name
or your name whatever you like.
And we have the updated date which just could be new date which makes it the current date of today.
But hey we can change this later for now.
Is this good.
So now we get all these fields.
We also will need a content because we only have to preview text.
Now here we would have to fold post content now to not bore you with me typing for one hour.
I will simply enter some dummy text here some dummy text which is definitely not the preview text though.
So this is what will output.
Now we got this loaded post property available in the component because the loading at an async data
that means that in our post body here in the template we can now access loaded post title.
For example we can print out last updated on Loaded post updated date we can here print out loaded post
offer there we would have the content.
So we have loaded post content and now we're still not using the context right now here of course we
just have dumb data so we don't need that.
But let's actually output the context let's use it by simply for now outputting the entered route parameter
as part of the title later of course we will not manipulate data with that but we will simply fetch
the right data.
So if we send the HTP requests to some API endpoint we typically need to specify for which ID we want
to get back data.
And that ID could then be our route parameter.
So for now lets simply edit the title.
I will add ID colon and then here I want to output the ID before I close the brackets and then Id hear
a can be something I fetched from context parents and then its ID.
Keep in mind parents on the context object gives us access to the same route parents would do in other
places.
So outside of azing data but inside async data this route Perlman's I mean inside async data we can't
use that because the component has not been created yet.
This route has not been injected yet hence we got the date on the context and their parents as a convenient
object which holds all roud parameters.
The longer words would be context.
Roud parents this also exists and on that road object youve got all the same properties you have on
the this dollar sign route object in other places of the component.
So I hope this is really clear.
We just can't access this here.
But we got the context which is provided by next which has all the information.
So if that were outputting the ideas part of the title.
Now let's check if that works.
Let's save this and make sure that you save all files and then go back and click on a single post.
It takes a second.
And then we indeed load depost with all the async data and the ID and it can prove this to you if we
go back and click on the second post we actually output ID to here.
And this is how that works.
This is how we can use the Context object to get useful routing data or information we might need.
Feel free to console log it again to dig in and see what it has to offer we'll also use our parts of
it later in the course.
And with that we got the entire power we need to run code on the server for the first load fetched data
there and then run it on the client for the subsequent navigation access to user might do.